Here is Readdsk 2.0, it allows you to make images of real double-density disks
in MFM format, which are used by Euphoric. Just type readdsk in order to have
the program's usage.

This version should be able to read a lot of different formats, e.g :
- standard Oric floppies, i.e 256-bytes per sector floppies, with up to 16, 17,
or even 18 sectors per track, and up to 82 tracks per side.
- disks from others computers, most noticeable format being standard 512-bytes
per sector floppies like on the PC (and also MSX, Atari ST, etc.).
It should also be able to read up to 10 sectors like on some Atari ST tweaked
formats (however, not up to 11 sectors because I think this must be not very
reliable on a real oric or atari, so this shouldn't be used on the emulator,
tell me if you disagree with this 8-)
- disks with are a mix of different sector sizes, like RanDOS disks for the
oric, which have system tracks of 256-bytes sectors and data tracks of
512-bytes sectors. However, it can't read different sector sizes in a same
track (just my lazyness...)

Also, I've compiled it with Watcom 10.6 (very nice compiler) which allows to
generate code for the old PC XT. This could be useful to those of you (like me)
who have a 5"1/4 floppy on an old XT and no such format on their recent PC.
You can also read 3" disks (the usual oric format) on your PC if you still
have a 3" drive. Here is the overall procedure :
- remove any floppy drive in your PC (just disconnect them ;-)
- remove the 3" drive from its case
- change the switch settings on your 3" drive so that it becomes a B drive
- connect it to your PC floppy controller before the twist on the flat cable
- change your BIOS settings if you have a modern PC so that drive B is declared
as a 360K drive (or change the switches on your old XT to declare you have 2
floppies)
- don't send me a reclaim if you burn your drive/PC/home/wife when trying
this procedure. THIS IS AT YOUR OWN RISK, I DON'T CLAIM IT WILL WORK FOR YOU.
It works for me, that's all. If you really want to do it, but you don't know
what is wire 1 on a flat cable, please post a request in comp.sys.oric or the
oric mailing list.

BUGS:
- well, just tell me, I didn't had the time to test 8-)
More specifically, I didn't had a disk with bad CRCs when trying it, the
program should write an image with bad CRCs too, but I'm not sure the damaged
data will be read. Some people may not understand the program creates a disk
with a bad CRC in such a case... 
- as it is based on BIOS calls, it doesn't read gap lengths, nor gap contents,
nor protection tricks of any kind except bad CRCs (unusual CHRN numbers, weak
bits...).
